Name                                          Value      Min      Max   Stderr     Vary     Expr Brute_Step
blackbody150_ext_Av                          0.4962        0      inf     None      1.0     None     None
blackbody250_ext_Av                           3.933        0      inf     None      1.0     None     None
blackbody50_ext_Av                         2.158e-06        0      inf     None      1.0     None     None
blackbody600_ext_Av                          0.3863        0      inf     None      1.0     None     None
blackbody_cold_Chiar06_ice_hc_T               50.73        1      inf     None      1.0     None     None
blackbody_cold_Chiar06_ice_hc_a               9.587        0      inf     None      1.0     None     None
blackbody_cold_Chiar06_ice_hc_abs_tau      1.511e-06        0      inf     None      1.0     None     None
blackbody_hot_Chiar06_ice_hc_T                373.9        1      inf     None      1.0     None     None
blackbody_hot_Chiar06_ice_hc_a               0.5719        0      inf     None      1.0     None     None
blackbody_hot_Chiar06_ice_hc_abs_tau        0.02197        0      inf     None      1.0     None     None
blackbody_lukewarm_Chiar06_ice_hc_T           186.9        1      inf     None      1.0     None     None
blackbody_lukewarm_Chiar06_ice_hc_a         0.01441        0      inf     None      1.0     None     None
blackbody_lukewarm_Chiar06_ice_hc_abs_tau     1.876        0      inf     None      1.0     None     None
blackbody_warm_Chiar06_ice_hc_T               100.1        1      inf     None      1.0     None     None
blackbody_warm_Chiar06_ice_hc_a               3.761        0      inf     None      1.0     None     None
blackbody_warm_Chiar06_ice_hc_abs_tau       0.04884        0      inf     None      1.0     None     None
smith_nftemp3_amp                          1.185e-06        0      inf     None      1.0     None     None
smith_nftemp4_amp                             0.186        0      inf     None      1.0     None     None
template_smith_nftemp3_abs_tau               0.1207        0      inf     None      1.0     None     None
template_smith_nftemp3_ext_Av                     0        0      inf     None      0.0     None     None
template_smith_nftemp4_abs_tau               0.1068        0      inf     None      1.0     None     None
template_smith_nftemp4_ext_Av                     0        0      inf     None      0.0     None     None
